Matt's Meeting Notes
====================
Electrical
----------
___
    ### Where I'm at:
	
	- Started raising money
	- Almost done C++ migration
	- Most of hardware is here, need to source actuators and wind sensors
	- Next steps are determining pathfinding algorithm, ZeroMQ familiarity.

    ### Cole:
	- How is the Kalman Filter?
	- Look into Sockets and ZeroMQ
	- Even if Kalman is not quite there, Implement framework for client/
	server that reads values from a port (GPS) and listens for requests on
	a different port. We can further improve Kalman later.

    ### Terry:
	- Look into IO implementation on the Beaglebone (I2C will be identical)
	- Migrate code to C++
	- Look into sockets and ZeroMQ
	- Start on server to listen for requests for IMU data.

    ### Cam:
	- Work with everyone to create protocol for communication with sailbot
	- Research Xbee
	- Design a manual controller
	- Design a GUI
	- Can we stream video?
	- 

    ### Visiliy:
	- Things to read to catch up on:
	    - Linux/Unix Operating system
	    - Device Communication in Linux
	    - Watch Sailing video
	    - Look into sockets and ZeroMQ
	- Vision System:
	    - I'll explain some of the requirements
	    - I need you to source a camera. I have a cheap one for testing
	    - Version number for OpenCV

Mechanical
----------
___
    ### General Inquiries:
	- How are we going to do the rudder?
	- Are we good to slash off the double rudder design on the hull?
	- Should we stick with the current hull design?

    ### Keith:
	- Let's start looking at manufacturing:
	    - Who do we need to talk to?
	    - Estimated cost yet?
	- Mounting design for wingsail?
	- What prototype mechanisms do we need to build?

    ### Brian:
	- How much design work needed for bulb?
	- Next: work on mount mechanism for Keel/bulb



